Execute async option (#34)
PrefectHQ/prefect-snowflake: README.md

        )
```

> ### Execute get/put into Snowflake stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Execute `get` and `put` statements
```

> Snowflake get/put command don't seem to work when executed as an async (Snowflake async as opposed to Python async) job.
> 
> For get/put operations use the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute `get` and `put` statements, use `snowflake_query_sync`.
```

```python

> import pandas as pd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
